
# EOD
July 31, 2023

Today I had a call with my workmate and she teach and guide me on how to create a .md file on github.

## Step by step on how to create a .md file
1. Go to your github
2. Click Notehive/ Silk corp
3. Click the inverted triangle next to "Fork"
4. Click your Fork repository
5. Click "Main" and select "gh-pages"
6. Click Sync fork
7. Click the inverted triangle beside "Add file"
8. Click "Create new File"
9. Name you file. Example: EOD.md (.md is a must)
10. And then type your Content.
11. After creating your content, Click "Commit Changes"
12. Click the blue link that says " Compare across forks"
13. Edit your Base repository. Make it "Note hive/ Silk corp"
14. Edit your base; gh-pages
15. Head repository must be under your name.
16. Hit the "Create Pull Request"
17. After that, Copy the link and paste it to your group or wherever you want to share your file.

* After guiding me with github, she also guide and help me on how to set up my laptop administrator into my work account. But unfortunately, we didn't figure it out. Until the time has come that I need to clock out. We decided to seek help to our other workmates who's more knowledgeable about this.

# End of the day Report
August 03,2023

Today I created some pull request which is the 
* https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/169
* https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/issues/60

And respond to a request changes on my PR. I used readme file and also focus chefs for making my PR content.

I also hopped on a call with the team.
## Today was a productive day. Hoping for more by tomorrow. 
