# End of the day Report
August 11, 2023

Today I hoped in a call with my workmates and conduct a TPM meeting at 9 am est. We shared to each and everyone what we are going to do in our whole shift.
I checked my github notifications and responded to the request changes on my previous PRs :
- https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/180/files
- https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/174/files

I also created 3 pull request on github under thee SILK Corp guide which is : 
* https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/187/commits/32b8a3b2315508beddaf623d3070207f927241d9
* https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/188
* https://github.com/NoteHive/Silk-Corp-Guide/pull/190/commits/1081506b64dedade7343e1eaf6d9b24a902bf53f

I wanna put here the process and apss to be installed inside the VS code. Because I just found out that I can't edit my EOD from the last time (August  10, 2023) because it is already merged.
## Contributing for Advanced Level
## Download VS Code Insider’s Edition.
Choose the look you want.
Sync to and from other device by signing in with your GitHub account.
Click Extensions Icon on VS Code and install the following:

ChatGPT GPT-4
GitHub Pull Requests and Issues
GitHub Repositories
Live Server
Live Share Extension Pack
Markdown Preview Enhanced
Remote Repositories
graph LR
* A[Visual Studio Code Insider] --> B[VS Code Insider Extension]
* A -- Extension --> C[ChatGPT GPT-4]
* A -- Extension --> D[GitHub Pull Requests and Issues]
* A -- Extension --> E[GitHub Repositories]
* A -- Extension --> F[Live Server]
* A -- Extension --> G[Live Share Extension Pack]
* A -- Extension --> H[Markdown Preview Enhanced]
* A -- Extension --> I[Remote Repositories]

From your GitHub tab on your internet browser find the URL to clone.

Open a Terminal on VS Code.


Clone the repository.


Click Allow.

Authorize VS Code. It will redirect to VS Code.

It will give you few options of your Repos, select one repo.

Create a folder in Local Disk C named “Repo”.

When doing commits, syncing should only take 5 seconds, so check your browser and authorize it.

That's all, Happy weekend!

